I hate you @Adobe, u crash more then any other application Tho @Microsoft office ur close 2nd U both can share #firstplace 4 my dislike 2day
emotion: hate, cause: you

my uroboros tracking from amazon is different... i hope that means it's coming via the route that will make it in time for friday delivery!
emotion: hope, cause: that means it's coming via the route

; A; impulsively bought a docking station for my laptop 'cause I needed one and amazon said it would arrive tomorrow if I ordered now
emotion: needed, cause: one

I really hope Apple weighs a cup of nuts on the iPhone 6S (9th Generation iPhone)
emotion: hope, cause: Apple weighs a cup of nuts on the iPhone 6S

@tyler_mercado "I hope the Apple event tomorrow is a 6s"
emotion: hope, cause: the Apple event tomorrow is a 6s

You lot may want to mute or unfollow for the next goodness knows how long this Apple event is going to last.  I fear a rant may come on.
emotion: fear, cause: a rant may come on

You may be tempted to swim with this new waterproof Apple Watch case http://t.co/tv2PuuXLjD #apple
emotion: tempted, cause: You

Skinner would love the Apple Watch will revolutionize education forever stories tomorrow.
emotion: love, cause: Skinner

I love Ozil but how on earth is he the 1st choice corner-kick taker for both Germany and Arsenal? What the hell does he do in training??
emotion: love, cause: Ozil

I hope that Barca does a lot more better in the 2nd half then in the 1st half.
emotion: hope, cause: that Barca does a lot more better in the 2nd half then in the 1st half

Plus, Atleti still killing it. My heart may belong to Barca but I love the competition. First place may not be so predictable. (2/2)
emotion: love, cause: the competition

@_suprene @sinTripas_ if he can play then I hope he plays against barca, on the 20th
emotion: hope, cause: he plays against barca, on the 20th

Neymar was always gonna be something special. I honestly hate his role at Barca, he might be good, but he has to play 2nd fiddle to Messi
emotion: hate, cause: his role at Barca

I hated Tata Martino in Barca and I can't stand him coaching Argentina! Even though it's a friendly no reason to play 5 defenders in 1st 45
emotion: hated, cause: Tata Martino

@jmilam71591 @DCComics  I hate that they have about 3-4 active universes around. Also, having to take from batman's villain stable? C'mon.
emotion: hate, cause: that they have about 3-4 active universes around. Also, having to take from batman's villain stable? C'mon.

So the BBC now wants everyone to be forced to pay. What a dictatorship joke the Beeb is. Scrap the licence fee. https://t.co/2B0QaEj58i
emotion: forced, cause: pay

Update from a couple of days ago: Gerontius is in fact the best piece of music ever! I hope everyone will tune into BBC radio 3 on Friday...
emotion: hope, cause: everyone will tune into BBC radio 3 on Friday

UK members: You may be interested in this evening's BBC documentary on the history of @OrdnanceSurvey. http://t.co/WES4vRuoVG #Surveyors
emotion: interested, cause: this evening's BBC documentary on the history of @OrdnanceSurvey

Happy wacky Wednesday everyone! Here's a crazy car fact that might surprise you: Volkswagen owns Bentley,... http://t.co/yASsQUHMd9
emotion: surprise, cause: a crazy car fact

@nevona @BernieSanders I love Bernie Sanders, it's great you're spending your Saturday for his campaign.
emotion: love, cause: Bernie Sanders

What about the other candidates?  All have a chance.  *smiling*  Bernie Sanders may upset them all.
emotion: upset, cause: Bernie Sanders

I hope Bernie Sanders is a sun and the other two are shooting stars or black holes. https://t.co/oTRuzuNCP1
emotion: hope, cause: Bernie Sanders is a black holes

I hope Bernie Sanders is a sun and the other two are shooting stars or black holes. https://t.co/oTRuzuNCP1
emotion: hope, cause: Bernie Sanders is the other two are shooting stars

I hope Bernie Sanders is a sun and the other two are shooting stars or black holes. https://t.co/oTRuzuNCP1
emotion: hope, cause: Bernie Sanders is a sun

Bob Marley vs James Brown mashup will make anyone feel good on a Dance Party Saturday on @GTFORadioXXX Goto http://t.co/wxNtkJ4Hty
emotion: good, cause: Bob Marley vs James Brown mashup

I'm sat alone watching made in chelsea LA and I'm happy with the man I've become
emotion: alone, cause: L:in chelsea LA

as much as i may hate Chelsea most of the time, she makes me want to do so many rebellious things.
emotion: hate, cause: Chelsea

im about to go to bed and tomorrow night ill be at the chris brown concert. wow i love life.
emotion: love, cause: life

I hope Mrs.tomasi know I won't be at the play practice Thursday because of the Chris brown concert . sorry not sorry .
emotion: hope, cause: Mrs.tomasi know I won't be at the play practice Thursday because of the Chris brown concert

@iamJulianT I love Chris Brown  Sept 9 with jthrone
emotion: love, cause: Chris Brown  Sept 9

Ronda is bringing a lot of new eyes to the UFC and I love it:) Conor McGregor vs Jose Aldo and Ronda Rousey vs Tate Dallas stadium in Dec.:)
emotion: love, cause: it

David Cameron's willingness to arrange the #EU referendum rules suggests he's greatly concerned about the outcome. http://t.co/8vRa14K0cG
emotion: concerned, cause: the outcome

It filled my heart with pride to see the huge march in Oxford this afternoon. I hope David Cameron saw and heard. #RefugeesWelcome
emotion: hope, cause: David Cameron saw . # RefugeesWelcome

i really hope madison goes to digi tomorrow because i want to meet her
emotion: hope, cause: madison goes to digi tomorrow because i want to meet her

if your going to digi tomorrow and want to get me a video from grant landis I'd really love you
emotion: love, cause: you

Seeing videos of them performing at digi has made me excited to see the jacks in November
emotion: excited, cause: Seeing videos of them

@sammywilk I hope you have an amazing day tomorrow at digi, love you
emotion: hope, cause: you have an amazing day tomorrow at digi

" TheRealPSL Starbucks I hate this. Just wait until the 8th " - Donald Trump #DonaldTrump #TrumpQuote #TrumpForPresident
emotion: hate, cause: this

I really hope Eric Church covers "Thunder Road" and "Born to Run" tomorrow. That would make my night!
emotion: hope, cause: Born to Run " tomorrow . That would make my night

Whoever is going to see Eric church's like a wrecking ball live this Saturday I hate you
emotion: hate, cause: you

will Fleetwood Mac's Go Your Own Way ever not make me wanna cry lmao it already made me sad but since march 25 it's reminded me of zayn
emotion: sad, cause: it

I want to go to Fleetwood Mac so bad in October
emotion: bad, cause: October

After the Samsung press conference on Friday, I'm inspired to buy a Galaxy Note 4 when the price drops to clear old inventory :)
emotion: inspired, cause: to buy a Galaxy Note 4

Some key changes between the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 and the Galaxy Note 4 may be welcomed by some and shunned by... http://t.co/uMhwen6FyS
emotion: welcomed, cause: Some key changes between the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 and the Galaxy Note 4

@burngorman dear Burn i just saw 4th season of the Game of Thrones and you looked bloody cool and impressive so i might fear of you a bit!
emotion: fear, cause: of you

@erin_yvette Hey Erin, when do you think Telltale is going release the 6th Episode of Game of Thrones? I really love that game.
emotion: love, cause: that game

@action_earth @Wary12 @URGENTPODR you should use google+ for this. The results may surprise you.
emotion: surprise, cause: The results

I may dislike like facebook, but I fucking hate Google+ with an unholy passion. What an ugly unintuitive interface.
emotion: hate, cause: Google+

I am honored to be celebrating 50 years of Grateful Dead music at the SF Giants game tomorrow night by singing... http://t.co/IvXJ8pxhUD
emotion: honored, cause: be celebrating 50 years of Grateful Dead music at the SF Giants game tomorrow night by singing

I love the Grateful Dead. I do not love weed. Just making sure you all know this.  https://t.co/8D05thMF4I
emotion: love, cause: weed

Hannibal has been the most amazing show on NBC. I really hope they get a 4th season. Bryan Fuller is amazing #Hannibal #HannibalFinale
emotion: hope, cause: they get a 4th season

We've got to wait until Wednesday night here in the UK for the Hannibal finale yet I've pretty much seen it all in gif form
emotion: pretty, cause: it

I'm so excited for the new episode of Hannibal tomorrow *cries*
emotion: excited, cause: the new episode of Hannibal tomorrow

Nearing the end of Season the 1st of HANNIBAL. I love it so much already I'm devastated in advance that the show stopped before Clarice.
emotion: devastated, cause: T:in advance

@SkyLivingHD I'm going to be lost without Hannibal on a Wednesday
emotion: lost, cause: T:on a Wednesday

I hope all the fans stayed into the 9th to watch Harper go 0-5. #nats
emotion: hope, cause: all the fans stayed into the 9th to watch Harper go 0-5. #nats

@KennyHerzog In this series the Nationals may have lost the division and Harper may have lost the MVP.
emotion: lost, cause: Harper

@KennyHerzog In this series the Nationals may have lost the division and Harper may have lost the MVP.
emotion: lost, cause: the Nationals

