I have a date 2mw. I haven't been this excited to go out in months. I feel the need to look pretty &amp; get flowers @trishana28 #nervous
emotion: excited, cause: to go out in months

no matter how much i love her, or tweet her @DiannaAgron will never tweet me back.
emotion: love, cause: her

YAY!!!!! I love you! :) RT @VillageMarket @M_Della  Since you've whistled so loudly, come pick a Khazana Voucher for 1,000shs
emotion: love, cause: you

 I love seeing cars with Christmas trees on top!
emotion: love, cause: seeing cars with Christmas trees on top

I love it  when I have a big smile on my face for no reason...
emotion: love, cause: it

I love the excitement of opening up a new Apple product for the first time!
emotion: love, cause: the excitement of opening up a new Apple product for the first time

I hate it when I cant help someone when they feel sad. It makes me sad.
emotion: hate, cause: it

i hate the song FA LA LA :DD i don't want to hear that anymore, sorry beliebers i don't really like the song when i heard it ..
emotion: hate, cause: the song FA LA LA :DD i don't want to hear that anymore

I also hate the dentist , and that's were I am heading to. I wish he was on strike lol #brokentooth
emotion: hate, cause: the dentist

I hate people with really shit taste in music! Seriously shut up!!
emotion: hate, cause: people with really shit taste in music

I hate these hipsters that are occupying Wall Street. Get a job!
emotion: hate, cause: these hipsters that are occupying Wall Street

I hate trucks. I hate truckers. Omg. I hate trucks.
emotion: hate, cause: truckers

I hate trucks. I hate truckers. Omg. I hate trucks.
emotion: hate, cause: trucks

@TimBrando @AUshayneomack Timmy doesnt hate the SEC he just hates everything BCS its kinda his thing #angust #bitterness
emotion: hates, cause: everything

he hates surprises but it will a nice vibe tonight at dinner with family. guests his father uncle and untie
emotion: hates, cause: surprises

I hate it when I cant help someone when they feel sad. It makes me sad.
emotion: hate, cause: it

@TheBodyShopUK makes me happy I love their lipsticks muchnbett than high end mac!
emotion: happy, cause: @TheBodyShopUK

Your my parents. I shouldn't have to change to make you love me. You should love me as I am.  #whydoyoudothistome?
emotion: love, cause: me

@Hollypmn you're home SO SOON!!! I cannot even begin to explain my excitement about seeing your face again and tucking into a carvery!!
emotion: excitement, cause: seeing your face again

Not walkin up stairs because you're afraid to trip going up..
emotion: afraid, cause: trip going up
