0   The day of the exams and no trains from springy. I love you metro.
emotion: love, cause: you

0   school was pretty damn good today
emotion: pretty, cause: good

1   I love late night conversations about Jesus and the Gospel.    #Grace #TheWay #TheTruth #TheLife
emotion: love, cause: late night conversations about the Gospel

0   Lol damn u got it like that? Lol RT @T_Maire: Ugh if I get one more random dick-pick imma scream!
emotion: get, cause: one more random dick-pick imma scream

0   @ChrisClose50 lush. I have three children and xfactor final to look forward to
emotion: have, cause: three children final to look forward to

1   You me. I've never been more hurt by one person, never been treated like that. But I did it to myself, I'm the one to blame.
emotion: hurt, cause: by one person

0   If you say your not scared of anything , it's a lie .. is in everyone .. But you have to fight it .. Because , beyond fear is #victory
emotion: scared, cause: anything

1   I hate when animal cruelty commercials come on..... Makes me wanna crawl in a hole and die.....
emotion: hate, cause: T:when animal cruelty commercials come on ..... Makes me wan

1   @AmeliaLilyOffic I love you. But I love Craig too. What a dilemma.
emotion: love, cause: Craig

0   I have to make up nine assignments by Friday, I have terrible grades in all of my classes, and I'm going to fail all of my finals.
emotion: fail, cause: all of my finals

0   The children of Israel remained in the desert for 40 years, because they wouldn't trust God.  What is doing to your
future?
emotion: trust, cause: they

0   On a lighter note, I have just finished my future of journalism article. So I am all ready for the 12 noon hand in tomorrow.
emotion: have, cause: my future of journalism article

1   I love it  when I have a big smile on my face for no reason...
emotion: love, cause: it

1   Not afraid of tomorrow for I saw yesterday and I love today #less
emotion: love, cause: today # less

0   I'm ready to go the hell home. So stop talking and check me out!
emotion: go, cause: the hell home

1   not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less
emotion: love, cause: today # less

0   @mizmers bahahahaha so many things i could say... RT @danecook: I just shit my pants. Pure 100% gravy.
emotion: shit, cause: my pants

0   I guess i'll always be mum's n dad's lil girl despite my character as Miss Independent.. &lt;3  #littlegirlinsideme
emotion: guess, cause: i'll always be mum's n dad's lil girl despite my character as Miss Independent.. &lt;3  #littlegirlinsideme

1   @TheBodyShopUK being with my grandchildren bring me joy I love spending time with them :))
emotion: love, cause: time

1   I enjoy the moments in life when motion-sensored paper towel dispensers work.
emotion: enjoy, cause: the moments in life when motion-sensored paper towel dispensers work
