@KatieBlemker well at least you got to be me for a day now i love that its just hanging in the hallway haha #alpha3
emotion: love, cause: that its just hanging in the hallway haha #alpha3

@MahonesGirl1515 nm just lying on bed sad bout people I can't have lol
emotion: sad, cause: people I can't have

im glad @fanzoid321 can laugh at his @fanzinator no one else is laughing... wait everyone is #sleepwithjosh
emotion: glad, cause: @fanzoid321 can laugh at his @fanzinator

I really wish I had my long hair back #growgrowgrow
emotion: wish, cause: I had my long hair back #growgrowgrow

I hate it when you talk to someone every single day and then it just stops. All of a sudden neither of you say a word to each other
emotion: hate, cause: it

I just left my carver senior legacy to two of my girls...they gone be happy when they receive it!!! 
emotion: happy, cause: it

Pumpkin spice latte way too sweet?  Is this what having adult taste buds is like?  I'm frustrated that I can't finish this thing.
emotion: frustrated, cause: I can't finish this thing

@Halesyeah123 hahaha wow. I feel so privileged to be such an  in your dream.
emotion: privileged, cause: to be such an  in your dream

I love late night conversations about Jesus and the Gospel.    #Grace #TheWay #TheTruth #TheLife
emotion: love, cause: late night conversations about Jesus

not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less
emotion: love, cause: today # less

Going to regret sleeping this late tomorrow morning...
emotion: regret, cause: sleeping this late

@TheBodyShopUK makes me happy I love their lipsticks muchnbett than high end mac!
emotion: happy, cause: @TheBodyShopUK

cutting off my camp bracelets is such a sad ritual. I mus be reeeeaaalllyy dedicated to this play.
emotion: sad, cause: ritual

@Hollypmn you're home SO SOON!!! I cannot even begin to explain my excitement about seeing your face again and tucking into a carvery!!
emotion: excitement, cause: seeing your face again

Not gonna lie... I love the music from the Twilight movies.
emotion: love, cause: the music

I hate wanting to give my all but not knowing if i'll get it back
emotion: hate, cause: wanting to give my all

I love running into peoples houses and jumping on them to wake their ass up!
emotion: love, cause: running into peoples houses

You know that feeling when you make the turn for home and your legs tell your brain to shut up, and you just run? Bc you love to run.
emotion: love, cause: to run

If you've never liked Nickelback then you pretty much wasted most of your life .
emotion: like, cause: Nickelback

I also hate the dentist , and that's were I am heading to. I wish he was on strike lol #brokentooth
emotion: hate, cause: the dentist
